# Introduction 
This project helps to provide an integration of LMS and LJS. The way of integration is to collect the course.csv file that is generated by LMS and have the system import the courses in. The LJS is also able to CRUD Skills and Roles. At the end of the day, Skills are mapped to Courses and Roles, which allows staff to see and know that if they were to add this Skill into their Learning Journey, what kind of roles they can get to be and also what are the courses that they need to take.

# Getting Started
1. Download WAMP/MAMP and MySql Workbench
2. On MySql Workbench create a new connection and:
    a. Hostname: database-1.cmqbhk3xoixj.ap-southeast-1.rds.amazonaws.com
    b. Port: 3306
    c. Uername: Admin
    d. No password.
3. Click on Test Connection.
4. Clone project from our github and put in in your HTDOCS
    a. https://github.com/Kodajak/SPM_G4T2

        Database Environment:
        1.
        2.
        3.


5. cd into SPM%20Project/flask
6. Start WAMP/MAMP.
7. On Terminal, key in: python3 app.py and press enter
8. Now, go to your browsers and go to http://localhost:8888/SPMProject/SPM%2520Project/htdocs/landingPage.html if you are on Mamp
9. Now, go to your browsers and go to C:/wamp64/SPM%20Project/htdocs/landingPage.html if you are on Wamp
10. From here, navigate through the pages and the fucntions.

# Build and Test
The way we made our project work is split into a few different languages and framework:
1. HTML
2. VueJS 
2a. Javascript

Python:
3. Flask
4. Python SQL
5. sqlite3
6. urllib
7. os
8. pandas
9. flask_cors
10. requests
11. Python mysql connector 

The CRUD of Roles and Skills are mainly handled by 1,2,2a,3,4,5,9 and 11.
For importing of LMS CSV Course file, it is handled heavily by 8.
Panda is a framework mainly used for analytical purposes as it needs to sort data from CSV Files most of the time.
For our project, we used Pandas to crawl through the csv file to extract the data in it and to import it into our database in order for the courses to be displayed for the staff and admin.

We used the test cases that we came up with to test the pages and functions that we have built and to certify that something meets the test cases we have our scrum master to verify.

Test Driven Development:
The Test Driven Development (TDD) we implemented, utilizes python framework (PyTest) to frame and execute our TDD. To run execute our TDD: 

1. cd into SPM%20Project/flask
2. Run python main.py
3. Open new terminal
4. Run pytest -s

PyTest will return the total number of tests executed, number of tests passed, number of tests failed, and the reason of the failure.

# Contribute
For our project, there are certain ways that we can improve on if there was more time given to us, however, code based isn't what is important here, but the process of the project completion.
How other users/developers can contribute to our codes would be to come up with a more efficient way of how we route our flask app and the javascript logics.